# Blockchain
LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2.1, February 1999 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed. [This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL. It also counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence the version number 2.1.] Preamble The licenses for most software are designed to take away yourfreedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General PublicLicenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and changefree software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to somespecially designated software packages--typically libraries--of theFree Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. Youcan use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whetherthis license or the ordinary General Public License is the betterstrategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below. When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure thatyou have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and chargefor this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can getit if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces ofit in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can dothese things. To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbiddistributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender theserights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities foryou if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it. For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratisor for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gaveyou. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the sourcecode. If you link other code with the library, you must providecomplete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink themwith the library after making changes to the library and recompilingit. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights. We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright thelibrary, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legalpermission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library. To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear thatthere is no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library ismodified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should knowthat what they have is not the original version, so that the originalauthor's reputation will not be affected by problems that might beintroduced by others. Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence ofany free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannoteffectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining arestrictive license from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist thatany patent license obtained for a version of the library must beconsistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license. Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by theordinary GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU LesserGeneral Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, andis quite different from the ordinary General Public License. We usethis license for certain libraries in order to permit linking thoselibraries into non-free programs. When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or usinga shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking acombined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinaryGeneral Public License therefore permits such linking only if theentire combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser GeneralPublic License permits more lax criteria for linking other code withthe library. We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because itdoes Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary GeneralPublic License. It also provides other free software developers Lessof an advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantagesare the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for manylibraries. However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certainspecial circumstances. For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need toencourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomesa de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must beallowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a freelibrary does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In thiscase, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to freesoftware only, so we use the Lesser General Public License. In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-freeprograms enables a greater number of people to use a large body offree software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library innon-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNUoperating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operatingsystem. Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of theusers' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that islinked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to runthat program using a modified version of the Library. The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution andmodification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". Theformer contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter mustbe combined with the library in order to run. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or otherprogram which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder orother authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms ofthis Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").Each licensee is addressed as "you". A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or dataprepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables. The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or workwhich has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on theLibrary" means either the Library or any derivative work undercopyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or aportion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translatedstraightforwardly into another language. (Hereinafter, translation isincluded without limitation in the term "modification".) "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work formaking modifications to it. For a library, complete source code meansall the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associatedinterface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilationand installation of the library. Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are notcovered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act ofrunning a program using the Library is not restricted, and output fromsuch a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work basedon the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool forwriting it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library doesand what the program that uses the Library does.
